## Pioneering a New Wave in Open-Source Design & Engineering Collaboration

Bldrs is thrilled to unveil Share and its Conway Engine, a powerful web application
crafted for high-performance CAD collaboration in contemporary engineering workflows.
These tools are the result of years of intensive research, development, and engineering,
marking the official launch of Bldrs’ open-source and commercial strategy.

### Why Bldrs Share & Conway Engine?

Engineering teams in the built world have been tethered to outdated desktop CAD tools,
proprietary formats, and sluggish SaaS solutions. Drawing on our decades of experience in
software innovation, Bldrs introduces a browser-first, real-time collaboration platform that
supports federated versioning, open-source, and open-standard tooling—tailored for modern
workflows and designed for architects, engineers, industrial designers, manufacturers, and
operators leading the world’s most impactful projects.

Share and Conway Engine are designed to help builder communities overcome the collaboration
limitations common in current CAD tools. Modern cross-functional teams require frictionless,
high-performance web-based visualization, real-time collaboration, visual issue tracking and
seamless integration with automation.  Regardless of your discipline, Share and Conway Engine
unlock a new level of capability in CAD model sharing.

As an open-source project, Share will remain accessible, customizable, and adaptable for
all users, from independent creators to large-scale enterprise teams.
We invite the community to share feedback, collaborate, and shape the future of these tools to
Build Every Thing Together.

### Why Bldrs Share & Conway Engine?

[Bldrs Share](/) today to transform your CAD workflows. Join our
community, explore the documentation, and contribute to the development of the
next-generation CAD tooling.

For more information, visit our project repositories on GitHub:
* [Share](https://github.com/bldrs-ai/Share)
* [Conway Engine](https://github.com/bldrs-ai/conway)


**🙌 Join the Conversation**

We'd love to hear your thoughts, questions, and feedback! Join us on
[Discord](https://discord.gg/9SxguBkFfQ) to connect with the team and other users,
or drop us an issue or pull request on [GitHub](https://github.com/bldrs-ai/Share)
